# CS-470-Final-Reflection

CS 470 Final Reflection
https://youtu.be/TEZIAFt8qYs

CS 470 has helped me become a more marketable candidate in my career field because it has helped me develop a strong understanding of how to build a MEAN stack application. As a software developer I’ve gained strengths such as implementing security, building databases, and developing API’s. In this new job, the types of roles I’d assume would include web developer, web designer, software engineer, and API specialist. Learning the skills mentioned above will help me be successful in these roles! 
The way I’d handle scale and error handling in an application would be first to build the applications architecture in a way that handles better error reporting. This would include naming conventions that align with related systems, that way anyone working on the system can easily understand where the error is coming from. I’d then include the version information that way it’s clear across all platforms. Furthermore, the way I’d predict costs of the application first by the scale of the application. If the actual architecture of the application is larger than normal, then I’d make the most higher than a small scale application. I’d also include the serverless costs, which is the pay-as-you-go feature. For the most cost predictable option, serverless is the way to go over containers because it helps prevent unnecessary expenses of resources. Containers are constantly running and can cost users more to use. 
Explain several pros and cons that would be deciding factors in plans for expansion
If I were to expand my software application, some pros would include reaching more customers, increasing our resources and stock, and that you have full control over the expansion. Some cons include that it will cost money to make money and the time it’ll take to develop the expansion. Lastly, elasticity plays a role in decision making for planned future growth because it helps indicate how much resources that need to be used, which also plays a role in pricing. For pay-for-service, it allows flexibility in expansion. This way you don’t have to overpay or overload costs when trying to expand. 
